1.wap a program to implement friend function to increment the private data member of a class by x given by the user . ( the x is last 4 digit of self registration number )
2.wap a program to exchange value between the clases using friend function
3.wap  to count no of obj used in a program using static variable . create a static member function to check the total number of object created in the program at the end 
4.wap to differentiate between a member function and a inline function 
5.wap to demonstrate the use of #define for creating a variable , a function 
6.wap to implemarnt -- prefix and postfix operation using opereator overloading 
7.wap to evaluate multiplication of two object using operator overloading 
8.wap to evalualte following expression 
    i. ob1=ob2+ob3/ob4
    ii. ob1=ob2*ob3-ob4
9.wap to implement a class to store the student details
10.wap to convert inch value to feet value using class to class conversion (if the conversion is bidirectional then use class to class conversion else class to basic )
//next 
11.wap to implement to single inheritence . (write down the observation how we can achieve the process of inhereitence through coding and how a child class inheriting the data to the derived class )
12. wap to implement hierarchical inheritence .
13. wap to to implement hybrid inheritence and demonstrate the use of virtual class to avoid ambiguity problem .
14. wap to override a function in herientance (it is also known as function overriding ) 

15.wap to create student information system to store , update and display using apt functions . the sudent information contain stident resistration number , name , and cgpa .(here in the update function ask the user about which data to be modified and before modifing display the current data)
16.wap to create a financial calculator to calculate profit of a user based on given principle amount , interest rate , and time period in months . from hte given data calculate the user profit using simple interst and compound interst 